welcome back once again to how to cook
great food calm me if you have them
already please click that button and
subscribe to our Channel on the menu
today and as you can see right here I'm
gonna make a chicken curry I've added
some red beans to this it's really quite
simple this version it tastes delicious
let's go and do it okay so I've got a
nice pan there I've got some oil in
there you can use any oil you like I'm
actually using a little touch of mustard
oil today I don't have up some chicken
here steel part chopped it nice and
small
get on at the fun amazing
this thing's gonna have here some
college interface that kind of teaspoon
dings one of each one did you want
garlic
I just want to cook these guys on their
own well kind of up up meet me a minute
all the time
now I'm gonna have some onions I'm using
red quite small
and now for some powders have you seen
the show before you know what I call
this toothpick for four equal parts of
chilli powder cumin coriander and
turmeric
if you want to hear the news lavendula
call me mink so you might have already I
just prefer this one
and again keep stirring when they're
saying he's just for another two minutes
these days I have had some things some
red kidney beans they're free cooks
they're gonna use it as one life I have
that makes what you reach them really
well water that they're coming in that
can is not so good
give them a nice watching really nice
cold water
tomatoes they're roughly shot about
three to four minutes okay let's take a
look now every penny see me now I'm
gonna let it out now what should happen
yes exactly it's a nice moisture there
come off about tomorrow
now if you stir them in if your tomatoes
are not very juicy these are very juicy
these guys just have a splash of water
beautiful my starter there it's a little
bit dry so look some cold water there
put it now optional put there's some
fresh green chili up about four or five
there
next turn the heat right down now lit up
let that go for about seven or eight
minutes I am gonna just put a touch of
salt in during that period
okay so off goes the heat that steam out
lots of that lovely absolutely wonderful
the last stage I'm just gonna add here
so darn the styler powder and today I'm
gonna add some fresh meat which I think
works really well in this you could add
cilantro or coriander if you want it so
give another check for salt I know
that's gonna be great for me and then
you have it really simple chicken curry
with some added red beans hope you enjoy
it don't forget to subscribe my channel
and we'll see you again and really soon
lots of love